The Bible predicts something called the Mark of the Beast.
It says that this mark will be placed on people everywhere.
In the days, just before Jesus returns.
The Mark of the Beast is only mentioned in one place, in the entire Bible.
Well, and parts of two chapter in the revelation of Jesus Christ.
The last book of the Bible.
The mark is described in the last few verses of the 13th chapter and first few verses of the 14th chapter.
It is a mark which is placed in the right hand or on the forehead of people, all over the world.
Without this mark, according to the prophecy, they can not buy or sell anything.
The prophecy goes on to say, "that anyone who accepts that mark will receive the wrath of God without measure.
So, it is considered to be pretty bad!
That phrase, "without measure", means the unmitigated, strongest possible, pure wrath of God.
Accepting that mark is apparently the point of no return for the human soul.
That is pretty scary stuff.
And yet this mark is not referred to anywhere else in the Bible.
Jesus never mentions it once, in any of the four gospels.
Or does he?
I am going to show, in this video, how the mark of the beast connects with the ultimate Revelation of Jesus Christ
And how that Revelation starts in the four gospels and finishes in the last book of the Bible.
The one called, "The Revelation of Jesus Christ".
But first, let us just forget about the Mark of the Beast.
And take a grand overview of God's Revelation of himself to mankind, throughout history.
There has been many ways that God has revealed himself to the human race.
Not least of which, is the creation itself.
The Universe and all that it contains. Right down to the tiniest atoms and molecules.
Modern science has enabled us to appreciate more and more each day, just how vast the universe just is.
As well as how intricate the tiniest particles are.
Psalm 139 says, 'We are fearfully and wonderfully made.'
But in terms of understanding God's precise will for us, as human beings,
it is widely recognized that the 66 books of the Christian Bible represent the most comprehensive
and the most reliable evidence of God's plan for His creation.
These books were written by many people from different times.
But the best answer is found in the first four books of the New Testament.
In those books we learn about Jesus; his life and his teachings.
He is called the Christ; God in human form.
Jesus showed the greatest love and wisdom that the world has ever seen.
Jesus is also called the cornerstone.
We need this piece to achieve our true purpose in life.
If we look closer in the four gospels, we discover the Sermon on the Mount.
It is a collection of the most important teachings of Jesus.
This sermon is found in the 5th, 6th and 7th chapters of Matthew's Gospel.
At the end of that great sermon,
Jesus says that anyone who does what he teaches will be building their life on a rock.
Nothing will be able to shake them. Not even death.
Though they will go through hard times, they will escape the wrath of God.
They will find peace with God forever.
Now let us look even closer to the corner of the cornerstone.
In the middle of the Sermon on the Mount,
Jesus says,
'Do not store treasures on earth,
where moths and rust destroys and thieves break through and steal.
But store treasures in Heaven, where moth and rust cannot destroy it,
and thieves cannot break in or steal it.
Do not worry about your life, asking, "What will I eat?" or "What will I drink?" or "What will I wear?"
Is not life more than food and the body more than clothes?
Look at how flowers live.
They have no jobs. They don't make clothes.
But even King Solomon was not clothed like one of these flowers.
Jesus then says his disciples will be different to other people in the world.
We do not worry about material needs.
Instead, we learn from Jesus how to: Live by faith.
This is the central message of Jesus to the world.
He says that our Creator never wanted us to trust money.
He wants us to trust Him to provide our material needs.
Yet this simple message has been missed by almost everyone.
We say Jesus is the Son of God, but we live as though God does not even exist
only caring about money.
In the 12th chapter of Matthew, Jesus mourns because the world refused to listen to him.
Hardly anyone was prepared to trust him.
He says, 'The Queen of the South will condemn that generation
Because she came from very far away to hear the wisdom of Solomon;
and now someone greater than Solomon is here.
In both Chapter 6 and Chapter 12 of Matthew,
Jesus says that he has something to offer that is greater than what Solomon had.
So what did Solomon have to offer?
He built the first temple in Jerusalem;
a structure of great beauty and wealth.
The records show that Solomon had tons of gold.
But he's also famous for being the wisest man of that time.
But Jesus has compared Solomon's wealth and Solomon's wisdom
with his own view of poverty and wisdom.
Jesus compares the simplicity and beauty of birds and flowers
with all the silver and gold that Solomon had.
Then Jesus mentions the 'Queen of the South'.
The story of the Queen of Sheba appears twice in the Old Testament;
Once in 1 Kings 10
and once in 2 Chronicles 9.
In this story, the Queen of Sheba gives Solomon more than four tons of gold to hear his great wisdom.
She valued his wisdom that highly.
Compared to that, what have we done with the wisdom of Jesus?
We have walked on it beneath our feet while we continue to seek wealth.
Living by faith; Jesus also called it: Seeking God's kingdom and righteousness.
He says that if we do that, instead of seeking more and more money,
our basic material needs will be supplied by God.
And in the process, we will discover peace, happiness, and eternal life.
This is the key message of the Sermon on the Mount, the teachings of Jesus and the Bible.
So far, there has been no mention of the Mark of the Beast, has there?
So let's look closer at the book of Revelation.
But I want to remind you that the proper title of that book is this:
The Revelation of Jesus Christ.
So I'm looking for a link between the Sermon on the Mount and the book of Revelation.
Here it is, in the 13th chapter of the Revelation:
'He (the Antichrist; the Beast; the Devil in human form),
causes all people to receive a mark in the right hand or in their forehead,
so that no one will be able to buy or sell
except those who have the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name.
Here is wisdom:
Let someone who has understanding count the number of the beast, for it is the number of a man.
His number is six hundred threescore and six (666).'
There's that word again: 'wisdom'. Jesus used the same word when he compared his wisdom with Solomon's.
Solomon's wisdom led to great material wealth.
But in the Sermon on the Mount, Jesus said,
'Blessed are the poor in spirit for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.'
Do you want wisdom? Real wisdom?
Jesus says that it can found in something that Solomon missed.
Jesus' wisdom is the ultimate good stuff.
And the Revelation says to study that number 666 to find out where all the ultimate bad stuff comes from.
The prophecy has a clue. It says that 666 is the number of a man.
Many years ago, I searched for that number 666 in the Bible.
I thought that 666 might appear somewhere else in the Bible.
In the Revelation, God urges us to study the number if we want to discover true wisdom.
And sure enough, I found the number 666 in two other places in the Bible.
I found it in the 10th chapter of 1 Kings.
And I found it in the 9th chapter of 2 Chronicles.
Jesus referred to the same chapters when he compared his wisdom with Solomon's.
Almost the same words are used in both chapters:
'The amount of gold that came to Solomon was 666 talents of gold.
That is about 25 tons of gold.
Today, that would be over 8 billion US dollars.
Solomon would have been one of the richest men who has ever lived, like Bill Gates.
I believe that another great king in the earth will arise. The letters of his name will add up to 666 in Hebrew.
But Jesus was hinting that the first form of that King was King Solomon.
What Jesus and the Mark of the Beast prophecy says about wisdom
both point to the same two chapters of the Bible.
But Solomon seemed like a good man. He was the king of Israel.
He even wrote three books of the Bible.
But is Solomon the Son of God?
If we want to find true wisdom, we must not just follow 'good men'.
We must follow Jesus, the Word made Flesh.
In many churches, there is a false belief that God wants us to be rich.
Where did it come from?
Did it not come from Solomon's so-called wisdom?
Those churches rejected Jesus' blessings on the poor.
And they believe that buying and owning lots of nice things is a good thing.
But this only shows that their spirit is empty.
Their belief is demonic.
They have replaced Jesus with Solomon.
They have crucified Jesus so that they can be rich.
But in the end, they are left with ashes.
They have no joy or peace because they always want more and more wealth.
They are in the grip of the Devil just waiting to receive his Mark.
Yes, Jesus predicted the mark of the beast.
But he did more than that.
Through his life, he taught us how to live without the mark.
He tells us to be content with food and clothing.
He wants us to tell the whole world about God's blessings on the poor.
6Brothers and sisters, we are getting ready for Jesus' glorious return.
But first we must go through great, great trouble.
We will need God's strength and wisdom.
And we must live on the solid rock of His teachings.
Even so, come, Lord Jesus.
Amen.